Please check the resources section of this lecture.
There is a PDF download available.
In this lecture, we are going to look at how you use WPC Allai to administer your site.
They are no configuration files to be edited in this lecture.
It's important to ensure that you are always using the latest version of WPC Allai.
Updating WPC Allai is straightforward in your home directory.
Create a best script to perform the update.
The contents of the script are exactly the same as when you installed WPC Allai.
I've talked to ensure I am in my user's home directory.
NENO Update WPEC Allai Dot S.H..
The script.
The first line is our Shabangu line, the first command code that ensures you are in your home directory.
The call command is used to download WPEC Allai Mod Command will give WPEC Allai executable permissions
and then we need to move the WPEC alive file into our POS.
You can exit NENO saving your changes to the script file.
You need to give your script executable permissions S.H. Mod plus X followed by the file name.
You can use the command WP double hyphen info to check the currently installed version of WPEC CLIA.
Our weekly version is one point five one.
Let's run our update script.
If I check my version currently installed, it's still at one point five one, I recommend you run the
script at least once a month and immediately after an update to WordPress.